README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Job listings with filtering solution

This is a solution to the [Job listings with filtering challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/job-listings-with-filtering-ivstIPCt). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Filter job listings based on the categories

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- Typescript
- TailwindCSS - For styling
- json-server - For mock api

### What I learned

I built this project using Next.js and TypeScript to practice what I learned from the Next.js and TypeScript course I took. For example, I used useSearchParams() to get and set query parameters. This makes it easier to share a link without losing the URL state, and even when the page is reloaded, the query remains stored in the URL.

I also learned how to determine when a component should be a client component by using "use client". Declaring a component as a client component allows it to handle interactions and events (e.g., click events) on the frontend.

### Continued development

I plan to work on more advanced projects using Next.js to further enhance my skills and take my expertise to the next level

## Author

- Website - [Success Olayemi](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@@Error-at-night](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Error-at-night)
- Twitter - [@ogsuccessful_](https://x.com/ogsuccessful_)


This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm install

npx json-server --watch data.json --port 3001

npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

I added League Spartan font to the project

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Job listings with filtering solution

This is a solution to the [Job listings with filtering challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/job-listings-with-filtering-ivstIPCt). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Filter job listings based on the categories

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- Typescript
- TailwindCSS - For styling
- json-server - For mock api

### What I learned

I built this project using Next.js and TypeScript to practice what I learned from the Next.js and TypeScript course I took. For example, I used useSearchParams() to get and set query parameters. This makes it easier to share a link without losing the URL state, and even when the page is reloaded, the query remains stored in the URL.

I also learned how to determine when a component should be a client component by using "use client". Declaring a component as a client component allows it to handle interactions and events (e.g., click events) on the frontend. Also the way we 
add font in Next.js is quite different (Check the layout component to see how it is implemented)

### Continued development

I plan to work on more advanced projects using Next.js to further enhance my skills and take my expertise to the next level

## Author

- Website - [Success Olayemi](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@@Error-at-night](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Error-at-night)
- Twitter - [@ogsuccessful_](https://x.com/ogsuccessful_)


This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm install

npx json-server --watch data.json --port 3001

npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
